the fastest way to this is just Two
Steps step one is nerve tension your
sciatic nerve starts here and goes all
the way down to your toes if you don't
stretch very often your brain is going
to feel that nerve stretch and it's
gonna go wait wait stop but you can
actually calm your nervous system down
with the Single Ladies dance just
kidding it's called elephant walks start
with a flat back hinge forward and bend
one knee straighten it out and then do
the other knee for 30 full reps about a
week ago step two the actual meat of
your workout hold literally any
hamstring stretch that's very intense
for a full 30 seconds then rest then 30
more seconds your guaranteed hamstring
progress if you do that if you want it
all done for you I have a free hamstring
ebook in my mind David that's an amazing
price stay flexy